Hello there.
This is Lulu and welcome back.
So we are now done with this course and I hope you have enjoyed learning Java.
Now, if you have done everything systematically, all of the lectures, then I'm sure you have set
a solid foundation in Java and that should be helpful for a very long time.
And on top of that, we have also learned how to use Java in an effective way.
That's because we have learned tons of design principles, best practices and professional coding conventions
that are really very important when you are building large, complex software.
So if you are not sure about something, please do go back and review the concern lectures and make
sure you have learned all of those design principles in a proper way.
I hope you have enjoyed learning it and I would wish you all the best and thank you and happy coding.